initial commit (#1)
exasol/exasol-pre-commit-hooks: README.md

# Pre-commit Hooks

This repository contains [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) hooks developed for Exasol projects.
Each hook defines a check that pre-commit automatically installs and runs before each commit.

## Available Hooks

 * [SerialVersionUID change checker](serialVersionUIDChangeChecker/README.md)
 
 Checkout the [pre-commit website](https://pre-commit.com/hooks.html) for a list of other pre-commit hooks.
 

>  ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to Use
```

>  You can define which hooks pre-commit should used for a specific project using a `.pre-commit-config.yaml` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can define which hooks pre-commit should use for a specific project using a `.pre-commit-config.yaml` 
```

 file in the projects root directory.
 For more details see the [pre-commit quickstart guide](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start).

>  This file is also versioned using the projects git.

Reviewer: What does it mean?

Author: ```suggestion
Usually you also commit this file into the projects git repository.
```

Reviewer: Yes, it's better. Change it and then I approve

>  Hence for existing projects the file may already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Hence for the existing projects the file may already exist.
```

>  Next [install pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#installation) on your PC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Next [install pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#installation) on your machine.
```
